
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.019176                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    19175808                       # Number of ticks simulated
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                 134618                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 381740                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   142.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.cpu0.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53926                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           98882                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53707                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           98977                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53060                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99594                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53686                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99524                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53497                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99742                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53984                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99887                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53292                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99347                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53300                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
