
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                2410973                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 287860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    23.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                            82268225536                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    56137087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  1.915549                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1915548867000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::0       200226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::0 14300.331376                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11300.331376                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::0        183025                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183025                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency    245980000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::0     0.085908                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::0        17201                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17201                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency    194377000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.085908                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses        17201                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::0         8876646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8876646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0 25368.690313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22368.647754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::0             7807536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7807536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency    27121920500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.120441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::0           1069110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1069110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  23914545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.120441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         1069110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    862763000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::0       199203                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199203                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::0         199203                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199203                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::0        6152889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6152889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::0 30323.439631                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 27323.439631                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::0            5848554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5848554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency    9228484000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::0      0.049462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::0           304335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   8315479000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.049462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         304335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1199607500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  10.094968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::0         15029535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15029535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0 26466.589124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23466.555996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::0             13656090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13656090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     36350404500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.091383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::0            1373445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1373445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  32230024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.091383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses          1373445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0            511.984023                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::0             0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::0        15029535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15029535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0 26466.589124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23466.555996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::0            13656090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13656090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    36350404500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.091383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::0           1373445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1373445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  32230024000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.091383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses         1373445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   2062370500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1390115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                1390627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.984023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 14038335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle               84029000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   826586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020746                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15409957                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11452                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728817                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9057511                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10312                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291929                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6352446                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1140                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::0        56148907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56148907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0 14667.218001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11666.482290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::0            55220553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55220553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency    13616370500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.016534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::0            928354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        928354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  10830625500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.016534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          928354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  59.492469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::0         56148907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56148907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0 14667.218001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11666.482290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::0             55220553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55220553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency     13616370500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.016534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::0             928354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         928354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  10830625500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.016534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses           928354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            508.721464                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::0             0.993597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::0        56148907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56148907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0 14667.218001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11666.482290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::0            55220553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55220553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency    13616370500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.016534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::0            928354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        928354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  10830625500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.016534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses          928354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 927683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 928194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                508.721464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 55220553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle            36307428000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                       85                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.936531                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4978517                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4973520                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      4997                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4173      2.16%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175927     91.22%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6832      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5156      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192868                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211932                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6379                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74887     40.89%     40.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     40.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1931      1.05%     42.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  106197     57.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               183146                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73520     49.31%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1931      1.30%     50.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73520     49.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149102                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1857816228500     96.99%     96.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                79988500      0.00%     96.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               554693000      0.03%     97.02% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             57097199000      2.98%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1915548109000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981746                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.692298                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1906                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1738                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   168                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5903                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1738                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2092                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.322887                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.080306                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      1.403193                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        45253274000      2.36%      2.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5124228000      0.27%      2.63% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1865170605000     97.37%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4174                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.063469                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       3831097734                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               243154546.001873                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6464616                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 324192                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        324192                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               163510                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              166384                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1482242                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               3587943187.998127                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_insts                         56137087                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              52011214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     52011214                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            71259077                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           38485860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9094324                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      15462519                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6368195                       # Number of store instructions
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::1                173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1 115265.884393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 63265.884393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency          19940998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::1                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::1                  173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     10944998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses                173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::1             41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::0          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::1 137714.208847                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 85710.627407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency       5722300806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::1                1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::1               41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   3561447990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::0          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::1            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses             41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  6166.863307                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                10476                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      64604060                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.demand_accesses::0                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::1               41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1 137621.133709                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 85617.567118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_hits::0                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::1                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::total                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency         5742241804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::0           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::1                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total       no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_misses::0                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::1                 41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_hits                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    3572392988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0           inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1             1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses               41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.mshr_cap_events                      0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.occ_blocks::1                 1.340325                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.iocache.occ_percent::1                0.083770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.overall_accesses::0                  0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::1              41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1 137621.133709                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 85617.567118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_hits::0                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::1                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::total                  0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency        5742241804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::0          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::1                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total      no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_misses::0                    0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::1                41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   3572392988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses              41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.iocache.replacements                     41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full              0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     1.340325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1750545944000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.writebacks                       41512                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::0               304172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           304172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::0 52003.930884                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40003.930884                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::0                   185878                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               185878                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency          6151753000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::0            0.388905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::0                 118294                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             118294                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency     4732225000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::0       0.388905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::1            inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses               118294                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::0                2014599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2014599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0   52016.540189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1            inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40016.522105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::0                    1710461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1710461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency           15820206500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::0              0.150967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::0                   304138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               304138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      12170545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0         0.150967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1              inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses                 304138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    772673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::0                  13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::0 35428.571429                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 45714.285714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::0                       6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency             248000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::0           0.538462                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::0                     7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency        320000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::0      0.538462                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::1           inf                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses                   7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1083819500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::0               826671                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           826671                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::0                   826671                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               826671                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_refs                          5.479364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.demand_accesses::0                 2318771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::1                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2318771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::0    52013.009194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::1             inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  40012.996175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_hits::0                     1896339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::1                           0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1896339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency            21971959500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::0               0.182179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::1               no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_misses::0                    422432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::1                         0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                422432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits                         0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency       16902770000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0          0.182179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1               inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total           inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses                  422432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.mshr_cap_events                          0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.occ_blocks::0                 11241.373247                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::1                 23110.665097                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_percent::0                    0.171530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::1                    0.352641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.overall_accesses::0                2318771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::1                      0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2318771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::0   52013.009194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::1            inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40012.996175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_hits::0                    1896339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::1                          0                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1896339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency           21971959500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::0              0.182179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::1              no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_misses::0                   422432                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::1                        0                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               422432                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits                        0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency      16902770000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0         0.182179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1              inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses                 422432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1856492500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.replacements                        389289                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        421794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full                  0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     34352.038344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         2311163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                    6937912000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.writebacks                          116650                       # number of writebacks
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc      no_value                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle      no_value                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk        no_value                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn       no_value                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi         no_value                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal       no_value                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc      no_value                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle      no_value                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk        no_value                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
