
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.019658                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    19658320                       # Number of ticks simulated
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                 112174                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 358892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   175.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.cpu0.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53504                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99869                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53121                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99994                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53565                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99591                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          54122                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           98976                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53568                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99562                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          52869                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           98114                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53480                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99618                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53886                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
