
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.022570                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    22570074                       # Number of ticks simulated
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  60026                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 359160                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   376.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.cpu0.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53615                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           98926                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53490                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           98053                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          52227                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           98222                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53057                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           98292                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          52603                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           98988                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53055                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           98007                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53041                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99081                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53785                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
