
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.112037                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5112036996000                       # Number of ticks simulated
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2883648                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_tick_rate                            36256565088                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 375496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   141.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   406583262                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.l2c.replacements                        163860                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     36838.766351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         3334365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        195829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         17.026921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::0                  9696.304444                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::1                 27142.461907                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_percent::0                    0.147954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::1                    0.414161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::0                    2042982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::1                      10263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2053245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::0                  1528802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1528802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::0                      28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::0                   168885                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               168885                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::0                     2211867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::1                       10263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2222130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::0                    2211867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::1                      10263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2222130                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::0                    56047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::1                       29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                56076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::0                  1784                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1784                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::0                 144391                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             144391                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::0                    200438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::1                        29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                200467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::0                   200438                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::1                       29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               200467                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency                      0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency                     0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::0                2099029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::1                  10292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2109321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::0              1528802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1528802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::0                1812                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1812                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::0               313276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           313276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::0                 2412305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::1                   10292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2422597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::0                2412305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::1                  10292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2422597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::0              0.026701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::1              0.002818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.029519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::0           0.984547                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::0            0.460907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::0               0.083090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::1               0.002818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.085908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::0              0.083090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::1              0.002818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.085908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::0               0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::1               0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::0              0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::1              0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks                          144360                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits                         0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits                        0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses                      0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency                0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0                 0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1                 0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total             0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0                0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1                0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency      no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.mshr_cap_events                          0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.l2c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full                  0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                     47572                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     0.042404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     47588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              4994772178509                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::1                 0.042404                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.iocache.occ_percent::1                0.002650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.demand_hits::0                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::1                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::total                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::0                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::1                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::total                  0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::1                  907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::1               46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::0                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::1                 47627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             47627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::0                    0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::1                47627                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            47627                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency                 0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::1                907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::1             46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::0                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::1               47627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           47627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::0                  0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::1              47627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          47627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::1                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::1                1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::0           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::1                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total       no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::0          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::1                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total      no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks                       46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.demand_mshr_hits                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.iocache.overall_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses                  0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency             0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0      no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1             0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.mshr_cap_events                      0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.iocache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full              0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.numCycles                      10224074013                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.num_insts                        406583262                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             391790000                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     42454615                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    391790000                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           836247135                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          419118732                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      38123075                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    29716799                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8406276                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               9770647500.086761                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               453426512.913238                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.044349                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.955651                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 790768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                510.627880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                253353258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 791280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 320.181551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle           148756117000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            510.627880                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::0             0.997320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::0           253353258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       253353258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::0            253353258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        253353258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::0           253353258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       253353258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::0            791287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        791287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::0             791287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         791287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::0            791287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        791287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency               0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency              0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::0       254144545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    254144545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::0        254144545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    254144545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::0       254144545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    254144545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.003114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.003114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.003114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                      806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses                0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses               0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0            0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements         3656                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse        3.021422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           7713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         3666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs         2.103928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5105310674000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::1     3.021422                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::1     0.188839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::1         7719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         7719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::1            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::0            0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::1         7721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         7721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::0            0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::1         7721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         7721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::1         4507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         4507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::0            0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::1         4507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         4507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::0            0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::1         4507                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         4507                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::1        12226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::1            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::0            0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::1        12228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        12228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::0            0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::1        12228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        12228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::1     0.368641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::1     0.368580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::1     0.368580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks            405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_hits            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_hits            0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1            0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.mshr_cap_events            0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         8177                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse        5.011395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          12378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         8191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs         1.511171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5101233676500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::1     5.011395                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::1     0.313212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::1        12392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        12392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::0            0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::1        12392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        12392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::0            0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::1        12392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        12392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::1         9345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         9345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::0            0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::1         9345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         9345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::0            0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::1         9345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         9345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::1        21737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::0            0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::1        21737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        21737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::0            0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::1        21737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        21737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::1     0.429912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::1     0.429912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::1     0.429912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks           2332                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_hits            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_hits            0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1            0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.mshr_cap_events            0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1621118                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.999417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 20138941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                1621630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  12.418949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0            511.999417                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::0             0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::0            12055886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12055886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::0            8080806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8080806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::0             20136692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         20136692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::0            20136692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        20136692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::0           1308365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1308365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::0           315530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       315530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::0            1623895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1623895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::0           1623895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1623895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency               0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency              0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::0        13364251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13364251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::0        8396336                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8396336                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::0         21760587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21760587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::0        21760587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21760587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.097900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::0      0.037579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.074626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.074626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                  1525259                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses                0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses               0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0            0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
