
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                1944621                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 217656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   113.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2204625935                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   221363018                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.250961                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                250960631000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses           56682008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 55107.033639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52105.504587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits               56681681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency       18020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses                  327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     17038500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses          20515730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 55920.152091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52920.152091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits              20514152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency      88242000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses                1578                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency     83508000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           1578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs               40522.746982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses            77197738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 55780.577428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52780.314961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits                77195833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency       106262000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                  1905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    100546500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             1905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           1363.451495                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::0             0.332874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses           77197738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 55780.577428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52780.314961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits               77195833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency      106262000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses                 1905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    100546500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            1905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                     41                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   1905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               1363.451495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 77195833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                        7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          173494412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 39420.856412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 36414.145718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              173489718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      185041500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                 4694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    170928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            4694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               36959.888794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           173494412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 39420.856412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 36414.145718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               173489718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency       185041500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                  4694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    170928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses             4694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0           1455.289108                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::0             0.710590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          173494412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 39420.856412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 36414.145718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              173489718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency      185041500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                 4694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    170928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses            4694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   2836                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   4694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1455.289108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                173489718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses            1578                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency     81900000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate       0.998099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses              1575                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency     63000000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.998099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses         1575                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses              5021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 52004.905063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                  1861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency     164335500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.629357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses                3160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    126400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.629357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses           3160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses               7                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits                   7                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.588180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses               6599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 52003.273495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                   1864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency      246235500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.717533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                 4735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    189400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.717533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses            4735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          2058.146434                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1             0.021756                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::0            0.062810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::1            0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses              6599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 52003.273495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                  1864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency     246235500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.717533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses                4735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    189400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.717533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses           4735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                  3164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              2058.168190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                    1861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        501921262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  501921262                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      8268471                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2162459                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2162459                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3037165                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             1831403                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_insts                        221363018                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             220339607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    220339607                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           567557364                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          232532006                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    56649590                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      77165306                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   20515716                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  400                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
