
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.591442                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2591441692000                       # Number of ticks simulated
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 610490                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_tick_rate                            20960550015                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 417836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   123.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    75477515                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.l2c.replacements                        117809                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     24928.376904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1535240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        146709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         10.464525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::0                 10331.534348                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::1                 14596.842556                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_percent::0                    0.157647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::1                    0.222730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::0                    1198360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::1                      12495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1210855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::0                   610049                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               610049                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::0                      26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::0                   106473                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               106473                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::0                     1304833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::1                       12495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1317328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::0                    1304833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::1                      12495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1317328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::0                    31685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::1                       37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                31722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::0                  2875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::0                 140928                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             140928                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::0                    172613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::1                        37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                172650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::0                   172613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::1                       37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               172650                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency            1654516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency            1040000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency          7338006500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency             8992522500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency            8992522500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::0                1230045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::1                  12532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1242577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::0               610049                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           610049                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::0                2901                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2901                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::0               247401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::0                 1477446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::1                   12532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1489978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::0                1477446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::1                  12532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1489978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::0              0.025759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::1              0.002952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.028712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::0           0.991038                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::0            0.569634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::0               0.116832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::1               0.002952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.119784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::0              0.116832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::1              0.002952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.119784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0   52217.642418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1   44716648.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44768866.291066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::0   361.739130                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::0 52069.187812                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::0    52096.438275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::1    243041148.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 243093245.086924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::0   52096.438275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::1   243041148.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 243093245.086924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks                          103410                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits                         0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits                        0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses                  31722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses                2875                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses               140928                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses                  172650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses                 172650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency       1273844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency     115156000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency     5646870000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency        6920714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency       6920714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency 131817513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency  31206766500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency 163024279500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0         0.025789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1         2.531280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     2.557069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::0      0.991038                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::1           inf                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::0       0.569634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::1            inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0          0.116857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1         13.776732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     13.893589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0         0.116857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1        13.776732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total    13.893589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40156.484459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40054.260870                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40069.184264                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  40085.224443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40085.224443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.mshr_cap_events                          0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.l2c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full                  0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     14970647                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       7343                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    11215605                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      2208                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                     3488                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                    183                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                       452                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 14977990                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                11217813                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                          26186252                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                            9551                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                      26195803                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                     60357722                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                       4471                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                     2343                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                 60362193                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                          60357722                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                            4471                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                      60362193                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       5182883384                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.num_insts                         75477515                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              68255270                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  10269                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1975579                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7580611                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     68255270                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         10269                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           390835391                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           72984158                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 7493                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2780                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      27351734                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    15632521                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   11719213                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4574345772.482235                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               608537611.517765                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.117413                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.882587                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                    82953                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 852971                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                510.943281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 59504239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 853483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  69.719302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle            18512998000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            510.943281                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::0             0.997936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::0            59504239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        59504239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::0             59504239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         59504239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::0            59504239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        59504239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::0            853483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        853483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::0             853483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         853483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::0            853483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        853483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency    12547128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency     12547128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency    12547128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::0        60357722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     60357722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::0         60357722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     60357722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::0        60357722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     60357722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.014140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.014140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.014140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0 14701.087192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0 14701.087192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0 14701.087192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                    45661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          853483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses           853483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses          853483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   9984295500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   9984295500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   9984295500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    350913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency    350913000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.014140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.014140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.014140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11698.294518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11698.294518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11698.294518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 626903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.875592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 23615096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 627415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  37.638718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              660309000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0            511.875592                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::0             0.999757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::0            13170367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13170367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::0            9958094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        9958094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::0        236142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       236142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::0         247592                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247592                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::0             23128461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         23128461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::0            23128461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        23128461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::0            368563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        368563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::0           250302                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       250302                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::0        11451                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11451                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::0             618865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         618865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::0            618865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        618865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency     5846897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency    9551170500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency    186076500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     15398067500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    15398067500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::0        13538930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13538930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::0       10208396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10208396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::0       247593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       247593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::0       247592                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247592                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::0         23747326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23747326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::0        23747326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23747326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.027222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::0      0.024519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::0     0.046249                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.026060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.026060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0 15864.036813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::0 38158.586428                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::0 16249.803511                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0 24881.141283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0 24881.141283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   564388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          368563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         250302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses        11451                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           618865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          618865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   4741074500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   8800219500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency    151723500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  13541294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  13541294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency 146946835000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency  40367455500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency 187314290500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.027222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.024519                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.046249                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.026060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.026060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12863.674596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35158.406645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 13249.803511                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 21880.852852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 21880.852852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                      no_value                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.demand_hits::0                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::1                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::total                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::0                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::1                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::total                  0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.demand_misses::0                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::1                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::0                    0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::1                    0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency                 0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_accesses::0                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::1                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::0                  0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::1                  0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::0           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::1           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total       no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::0          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::1          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total      no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks                           0                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.demand_mshr_hits                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.iocache.overall_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses                  0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency             0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency 1341941439938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency 1341941439938                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0      no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1      no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.mshr_cap_events                      0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.iocache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full              0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
