
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                2023797                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 210248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   801.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2250658484                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  1621493983                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  1.803259                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1803258587000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses          419042125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 20490.305383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 17490.305383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits              418844799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency     4043270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses               197326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   3451292000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          197326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses         188186057                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 23997.572756                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 20997.572756                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits             187941335                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency    5872734000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.001300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses              244722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   5138568000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.001300                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         244722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                1372.670239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           607228182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 22431.962140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 19431.962140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               606786134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency      9916004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.000728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                442048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   8589860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           442048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           4094.896939                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::0             0.999731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          607228182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 22431.962140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 19431.962140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              606786134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency     9916004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.000728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses               442048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   8589860000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          442048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 437952                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 442048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4094.896939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                606786134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              778540000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   396372                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses         1186516740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits             1186516018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       40432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                  722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     38266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               1643373.986150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses          1186516740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits              1186516018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        40432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                   722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     38266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses              722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            660.186297                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::0             0.322357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses         1186516740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits             1186516018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       40432000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                  722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     38266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses             722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                660.186297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs               1186516018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          244722                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits              186469                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency   3029156000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate       0.238037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses             58253                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency   2330120000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.238037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses        58253                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses            198048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                166833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency    1623180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.157613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses               31215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1248600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.157613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          31215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses          396372                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits              396372                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  4.873826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses             442770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                 353302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency     4652336000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.202064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                89468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   3578720000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.202064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses           89468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          1869.199731                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1         16187.723361                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::0            0.057043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::1            0.494010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses            442770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                353302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency    4652336000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.202064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses               89468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   3578720000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.202064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses          89468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                 71208                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 86793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             18056.923092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  423014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                   58007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       3606517174                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3606517174                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     99478861                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_insts                       1621493983                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            1621354493                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   1621354493                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          3953866002                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         1617994650                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   419042125                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     607228182                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  188186057                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   48                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
