
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                1776708                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 344820                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   156.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2363113199                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   278192520                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.370011                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                370010840000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses           90779450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 14713.502183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11713.502183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits               88818730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency    28849058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.021599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses              1960720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  22966898000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.021599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         1960720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses          31439751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 30805.991952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 27805.977815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits              31333642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency    3268793000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.003375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses              106109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   2950464500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         106109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  58.133678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           122219201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 15539.675029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12539.674303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               120152372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     32117851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.016911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses               2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  25917362500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses          2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           4076.661903                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::0             0.995279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          122219201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 15539.675029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12539.674303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              120152372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    32117851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.016911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses              2066829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  25917362500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses         2066829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2062733                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                2066829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4076.661903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                120152372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle           126200130000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                  1437080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          217696209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              217695401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       45248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                  808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     42824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               269425.001238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           217696209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               217695401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        45248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                   808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     42824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses              808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            666.191948                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::0             0.325289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          217696209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              217695401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       45248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                  808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     42824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses             808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     24                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                666.191948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                217695401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          106109                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency 52000.694804                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits               63651                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency   2207845500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate       0.400136                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses             42458                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency   1698320000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.400136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses        42458                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses           1961528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits               1927411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency    1774084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.017393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses               34117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1364680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.017393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          34117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses         1437080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits             1437080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 42.735735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses            2067637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 52000.385243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                1991062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency     3981929500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.037035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                76575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   3063000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.037035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses           76575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          6551.798271                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1         12062.804989                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::0            0.199945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::1            0.368128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses           2067637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 52000.385243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits               1991062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency    3981929500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.037035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses               76575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   3063000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.037035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses          76575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                 49212                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 77127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             18614.603260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 3296079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                   29460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        740021680                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  740021680                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     18628012                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     40                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            40                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   40                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  26                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_insts                        278192520                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             278186228                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    278186228                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           685043114                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          248344166                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    90779388                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     122219139                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   31439751                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  444                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
