
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                2070048                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 214112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   738.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2245699490                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  1528988757                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  1.658730                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1658729604000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses          384102189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 22005.441660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 19005.440502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits              382374775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency    38012508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.004497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses              1727414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  32830264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.004497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         1727414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses         149160201                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 27169.175798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 24169.168845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits             148369157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency   21492013500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.005303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses              791044                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency  19118876000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.005303                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         791044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 210.741625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           533262390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 23627.363053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 20627.360075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               530743932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     59504521500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.004723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses               2518458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  51949140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.004723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses          2518458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           4086.472055                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::0             0.997674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          533262390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 23627.363053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 20627.360075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              530743932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    59504521500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.004723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses              2518458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  51949140000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.004723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses         2518458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2514362                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                2518458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4086.472055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                530743932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle             8216675000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                  2223170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses         1068347110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 48641.791045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 45641.791045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits             1068344296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      136878000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                 2814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    128436000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            2814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               379653.267946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses          1068347110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 48641.791045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 45641.791045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits              1068344296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency       136878000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                  2814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    128436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses             2814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            882.231489                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::0             0.430777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses         1068347110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 48641.791045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 45641.791045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits             1068344296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency      136878000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                 2814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    128436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses            2814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   1253                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   2814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                882.231489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs               1068344296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          791044                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency 52000.024190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits              543011                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency  12897722000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate       0.313551                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses            248033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency   9921320000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.313551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses       248033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses           1730228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits               1398652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency   17241952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.191637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses              331576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  13263040000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.191637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         331576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses         2223170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits             2223170                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  5.351625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses            2521272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 52000.010352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                1941663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency    30139674000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.229888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses               579609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  23184360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.229888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses          579609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          7549.128601                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1         13679.064710                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::0            0.230381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::1            0.417452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses           2521272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 52000.010352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits               1941663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency   30139674000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.229888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses              579609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  23184360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.229888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses         579609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                568906                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                587958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             21228.193311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 3146531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle          896565143000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                  411709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       3317459208                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3317459208                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     92658800                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_insts                       1528988757                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            1528317615                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   1528317615                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          3581460239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         1427299027                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   384102160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     533262345                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  149160185                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  551                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
