
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 329728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   115.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                2283081                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.000263                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   263488655                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                44809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 34863.258698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 33859.391373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency       1299667421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.831953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1262244251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.831953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    894578632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 43164.731144                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 42160.816007                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits                    1059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency      1001508092                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.956350                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23202                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    978215253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.956350                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    569723237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3673.059398                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_refs                     0.411679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               69110                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    253845135                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses                 69070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  38047.907822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37044.022156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits                      8589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency        2301175513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.875648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses                   60481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   2240459504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.875648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.l1c.occ_blocks::0              347.331950                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu0.l1c.occ_blocks::1             -244.589945                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu0.l1c.occ_percent::0               0.678383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.occ_percent::1              -0.477715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses                69070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 38047.907822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37044.022156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits                     8589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency       2301175513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.875648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses                  60481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   2240459504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.875648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1464301869                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.replacements                    27826                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.sampled_refs                    28187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu0.l1c.tagsinuse                  102.742005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.total_refs                      11604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks                      11972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99815                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53929                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                44539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 35078.437375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 34074.598410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency       1301760811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.833202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1264508347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.833202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    877119159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 43578.818690                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 42575.032825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits                    1066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency      1014297005                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.956206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23275                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    990933889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.956206                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    578327433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3680.878237                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_refs                     0.407254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               68822                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    253325402                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses                 68880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  38354.853291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37351.034793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits                      8495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency        2316057816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.876670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses                   60385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   2255442236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.876670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.l1c.occ_blocks::0              345.656340                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu1.l1c.occ_blocks::1             -252.637366                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu1.l1c.occ_percent::0               0.675110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.occ_percent::1              -0.493432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses                68880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 38354.853291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37351.034793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits                     8495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency       2316057816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.876670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses                  60385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   2255442236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.876670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1455446592                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.replacements                    27684                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.sampled_refs                    28039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu1.l1c.tagsinuse                   93.018974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.total_refs                      11419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks                      11809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           98493                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53671                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                44720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 35074.051314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 34070.157684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency       1302790562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.830590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1265501937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.830590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    900513056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               23954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 43332.089535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 42328.351409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits                    1069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency       991654869                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.955373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 22885                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    968684322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.955373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            22885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    566349170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3701.759105                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_refs                     0.411657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               68698                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    254303447                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses                 68674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  38222.283080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37218.448733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits                      8645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency        2294445431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.874115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses                   60029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   2234186259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.874115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.l1c.occ_blocks::0              345.430231                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu2.l1c.occ_blocks::1             -261.057119                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu2.l1c.occ_percent::0               0.674668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.occ_percent::1              -0.509877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses                68674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 38222.283080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37218.448733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits                     8645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency       2294445431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.874115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses                  60029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   2234186259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.874115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1466862226                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.replacements                    27627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.sampled_refs                    27982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu2.l1c.tagsinuse                   84.373112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.total_refs                      11519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks                      11784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99149                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53185                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                44743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 35278.022452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 34274.209970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency       1312024933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.831214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1274692143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.831214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    889431937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 42875.562470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 41871.690641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits                    1078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency       995527685                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.955632                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    972218785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.955632                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    569772276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3691.127910                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_refs                     0.410181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               68939                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    254462667                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses                 69040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  38198.189340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37194.354047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits                      8630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency        2307552618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.875000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses                   60410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   2246910928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.l1c.occ_blocks::0              347.574885                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu3.l1c.occ_blocks::1             -243.397586                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu3.l1c.occ_percent::0               0.678857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.occ_percent::1              -0.475386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses                69040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 38198.189340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37194.354047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits                     8630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency       2307552618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.875000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses                  60410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   2246910928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1459204213                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.replacements                    27837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.sampled_refs                    28190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu3.l1c.tagsinuse                  104.177298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.total_refs                      11563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks                      11956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99588                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53645                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                44937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 34981.938149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 33978.070817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency       1303112178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.828961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1265717116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.828961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    898461911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 43355.729302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 42351.902864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits                    1123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency       994450363                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.953325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 22937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    971425596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.953325                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            22937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    576408625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3690.197653                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_refs                     0.418102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               68868                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    254136532                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses                 68997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  38173.099970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37169.248222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits                      8809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency        2297562541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.872328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses                   60188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   2237142712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.872328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.l1c.occ_blocks::0              347.631602                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu4.l1c.occ_blocks::1             -252.949959                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu4.l1c.occ_percent::0               0.678968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.occ_percent::1              -0.494043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses                68997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 38173.099970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37169.248222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits                     8809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency       2297562541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.872328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses                  60188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   2237142712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.872328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1474870536                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.replacements                    27683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.sampled_refs                    28041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu4.l1c.tagsinuse                   94.681644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.total_refs                      11724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks                      11763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99725                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53533                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                44941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 34590.842352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 33586.894160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency       1291933371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.831067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1254436910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.831067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    902856034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24139                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 43380.004563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 42376.221397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits                    1126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency       998304045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.953353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    975203983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.953353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    567587171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3673.840624                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_refs                     0.416729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               68969                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    253381114                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses                 69080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  37941.708625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 36937.823349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits                      8718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency        2290237416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.873798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses                   60362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   2229640893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.873798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.l1c.occ_blocks::0              346.806811                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu5.l1c.occ_blocks::1             -253.299577                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu5.l1c.occ_percent::0               0.677357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.occ_percent::1              -0.494726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses                69080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 37941.708625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 36937.823349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits                     8718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency       2290237416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.873798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses                  60362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   2229640893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.873798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1470443205                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.replacements                    27832                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.sampled_refs                    28191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu5.l1c.tagsinuse                   93.507234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.total_refs                      11748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks                      11908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53710                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                44652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 35026.520844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 34022.708723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency       1299799162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.831071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1262548698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.831071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    877981455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 43893.173019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 42889.171809                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits                    1119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency      1015775810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.953877                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23142                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    992541214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.953877                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    574689009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3698.984332                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_refs                     0.408540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               68612                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    253794713                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses                 68913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  38432.141740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37428.256992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits                      8662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency        2315574972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.874305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses                   60251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   2255089912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.874305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.l1c.occ_blocks::0              347.289326                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu6.l1c.occ_blocks::1             -257.501227                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu6.l1c.occ_percent::0               0.678299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.occ_percent::1              -0.502932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses                68913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 38432.141740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37428.256992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits                     8662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency       2315574972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.874305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses                  60251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   2255089912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.874305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1452670464                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.replacements                    27861                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.sampled_refs                    28198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu6.l1c.tagsinuse                   89.788098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.total_refs                      11520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks                      11849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99389                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53686                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                44748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 34642.102409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 33638.262764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency       1287127315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.830316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1249829653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.830316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    901961636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 43516.263916                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 42512.349466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits                    1111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency      1006139538                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.954152                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    982928032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.954152                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    558194703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3679.369981                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_refs                     0.411018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               69036                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    254008986                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses                 68980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  38046.102147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37042.233808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits                      8704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency        2293266853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.873818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses                   60276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   2232757685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.873818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.l1c.occ_blocks::0              346.094259                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu7.l1c.occ_blocks::1             -261.843648                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu7.l1c.occ_percent::0               0.675965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.occ_percent::1              -0.511413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses                68980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 38046.102147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37042.233808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits                     8704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency       2293266853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.873818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses                  60276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   2232757685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.873818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1460156339                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.replacements                    27727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.sampled_refs                    28062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu7.l1c.tagsinuse                   84.250612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.total_refs                      11534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks                      11797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99694                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53501                       # number of write accesses completed
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::0                 8368                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::1                 8627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::2                 8367                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::3                 8303                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::4                 8426                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::5                 8436                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::6                 8682                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::7                 8556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            67765                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::0 403825.305651                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::1 385121.964187                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::2 409218.508599                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::3 403898.224630                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::4 399497.833184                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::5 406171.848193                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::6 385653.166897                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::7 396382.840333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3189769.691674                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40000.638344                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::0                     2829                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::1                     2819                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::2                     2901                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::3                     2765                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::4                     2827                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::5                     2929                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::6                     2882                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::7                     2913                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                22865                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency          2236788368                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::0            0.661926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::1            0.673235                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::2            0.653281                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::3            0.666988                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::4            0.664491                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::5            0.652798                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::6            0.668049                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::7            0.659537                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        5.300305                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::0                   5539                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::1                   5808                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::2                   5466                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::3                   5538                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::4                   5599                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::5                   5507                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::6                   5800                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::7                   5643                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              44900                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits                    507                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency     1775748338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::0       5.305091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::1       5.145821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::2       5.305725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::3       5.346622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::4       5.268573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::5       5.262328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::6       5.113223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::7       5.188523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total    41.935906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses                44393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::0                  15629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::1                  15556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::2                  15752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::3                  15692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::4                  15583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::5                  15498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::6                  15735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::7                  15459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total             124904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0   395853.498935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1   394097.881797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::2   395088.268896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::3   391306.072181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::4   393566.650298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::5   399646.385413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::6   397238.409135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::7   409085.591473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3175882.758128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 39998.692981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::0                      10466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::1                      10370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::2                      10579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::3                      10469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::4                      10390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::5                      10384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::6                      10590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::7                      10463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                  83711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency            2043791615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::0              0.330347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::1              0.333376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::2              0.328403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::3              0.332845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::4              0.333248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::5              0.329978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::6              0.326978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::7              0.323177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          2.638352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::0                     5163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::1                     5186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::2                     5173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::3                     5223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::4                     5193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::5                     5114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::6                     5145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::7                     4996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                41193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits                      961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency       1609227416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0         2.574189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1         2.586269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::2         2.554088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::3         2.563854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::4         2.581788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::5         2.595948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::6         2.556848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::7         2.602497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total    20.615481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses                  40232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency   3189139994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::0                2101                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::1                2017                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::2                2063                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::3                2073                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::4                2016                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::5                2089                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::6                2039                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::7                1993                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16391                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::0 159007.663017                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::1 163584.854819                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::2 161662.707483                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::3 162365.588820                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::4 164822.571248                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::5 160767.895449                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::6 160965.885468                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::7 165239.316056                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1298416.482359                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 39998.991821                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::0                     457                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::1                     419                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::2                     446                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::3                     463                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::4                     430                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::5                     463                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::6                     415                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::7                     411                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                3504                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency          261408598                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::0           0.782485                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::1           0.792266                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::2           0.783810                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::3           0.776652                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::4           0.786706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::5           0.778363                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::6           0.796469                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::7           0.793778                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       6.290529                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::0                  1644                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::1                  1598                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::2                  1617                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::3                  1610                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::4                  1586                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::5                  1626                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::6                  1624                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::7                  1582                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             12887                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits                    49                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency     513507057                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::0      6.110424                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::1      6.364898                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::2      6.222976                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::3      6.192957                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::4      6.368056                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::5      6.145524                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::6      6.296224                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::7      6.441545                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total    50.142604                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses               12838                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1723903484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::0                94038                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total            94038                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::0                    94038                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                94038                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   6964.928571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_refs                          1.794905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                       14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             97509                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.demand_accesses::0                   23997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::1                   24183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::2                   24119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::3                   23995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::4                   24009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::5                   23934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::6                   24417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::7                   24015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              192669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::0    399979.441506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::1    389356.010824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::2    402347.963436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::3    397786.449494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::4    396643.808655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::5    403029.844930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::6    391099.130471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::7    402347.963436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3182590.612752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  39999.713489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_hits::0                       13295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::1                       13189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::2                       13480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::3                       13234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::4                       13217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::5                       13313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::6                       13472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::7                       13376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  106576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency             4280579983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::0               0.445972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::1               0.454617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::2               0.441105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::3               0.448468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::4               0.449498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::5               0.443762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::6               0.448253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::7               0.443015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           3.574690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_misses::0                     10702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::1                     10994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::2                     10639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::3                     10761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::4                     10792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::5                     10621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::6                     10945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::7                     10639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 86093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits                      1468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency        3384975754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0          3.526482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          3.499359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::2          3.508645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::3          3.526776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::4          3.524720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::5          3.535765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::6          3.465823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::7          3.523839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     28.111410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses                   84625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.mshr_cap_events                          0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.occ_blocks::0                    24.077198                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::1                    23.899612                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::2                    23.566419                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::3                    24.461210                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::4                    24.025606                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::5                    23.167376                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::6                    23.494200                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::7                    23.002994                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::8                   468.019905                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_percent::0                    0.023513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::1                    0.023339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::2                    0.023014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::3                    0.023888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::4                    0.023463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::5                    0.022624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::6                    0.022944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::7                    0.022464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::8                    0.457051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.overall_accesses::0                  23997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::1                  24183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::2                  24119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::3                  23995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::4                  24009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::5                  23934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::6                  24417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::7                  24015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             192669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::0   399979.441506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::1   389356.010824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::2   402347.963436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::3   397786.449494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::4   396643.808655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::5   403029.844930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::6   391099.130471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::7   402347.963436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3182590.612752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 39999.713489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_hits::0                      13295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::1                      13189                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::2                      13480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::3                      13234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::4                      13217                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::5                      13313                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::6                      13472                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::7                      13376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 106576                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency            4280579983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::0              0.445972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::1              0.454617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::2              0.441105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::3              0.448468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::4              0.449498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::5              0.443762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::6              0.448253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::7              0.443015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          3.574690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_misses::0                    10702                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::1                    10994                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::2                    10639                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::3                    10761                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::4                    10792                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::5                    10621                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::6                    10945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::7                    10639                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                86093                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits                     1468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency       3384975754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0         3.526482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1         3.499359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::2         3.508645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::3         3.526776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::4         3.524720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::5         3.535765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::6         3.465823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::7         3.523839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total    28.111410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses                  84625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   4913043478                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.replacements                         76856                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.sampled_refs                         77525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full                  0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.l2c.tagsinuse                       657.714518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                          139150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.writebacks                           40644                       # number of writebacks

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
