
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 743049                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 207784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2149305775                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                        9810                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000029                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    28768000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses               1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits                   1001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency        3080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.052083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses                   55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      2915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.052083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses              55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses               934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits                   855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency       4424000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.084582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses                  79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency      4187000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.084582                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses             79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  13.850746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses                1990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits                    1856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency         7504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.067337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                   134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      7102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.067337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses              134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0             80.668870                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::0             0.019695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses               1990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits                   1856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency        7504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.067337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses                  134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      7102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.067337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses             134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                 80.668870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                     1856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses               6911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 55815.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52815.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits                   6683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       12726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.032991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                  228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     12042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.032991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  29.311404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses                6911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 55815.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52815.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits                    6683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        12726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.032991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                   228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     12042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.032991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses              228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            105.363985                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::0             0.051447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses               6911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 55815.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52815.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits                   6683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       12726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.032991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                  228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     12042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.032991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses             228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                105.363985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                     6683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency      4108000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses                79                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency      3160000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses           79                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses               283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                     1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency      14664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.996466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses                 282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     11280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.996466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.003546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses                362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                      1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency       18772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.997238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                  361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     14440000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.997238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses             361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0           133.809342                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::0            0.004084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses               362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                     1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency      18772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.997238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses                 361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     14440000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.997238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses            361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               133.809342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                            57536                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                      57536                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts          904                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_insts                             9810                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                  9715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                         9715                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               21313                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes               9368                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          1990                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                        934                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
